let's just get into it everything
started with me reading
the book the secret which i'm sure so
many of you heard of
and i also watched the movie after i
read the book and
i was just getting these waves of like
just spiritual like enlightening
experiences within me where i felt so
connected to the collective and i felt
like
everything was just making sense and i
was so easy for me to release
any of the conditioning that i had
around my life because
of the power and strength and the
validity that i felt from the words that
i was reading i was like
whoa my thoughts are creating my reality
everything that you think you become
and it just became this like game in my
head almost where
anything negative that could possibly
happen in my day i've turned around to a
positive thing
i got my first manifestation journal
around this time at 14.
i started doing hatha yoga at the jewish
community center that i worked at i was
kind of like a personal trainer and i
would just walk around the gym and also
help people
using equipment and so i started
doing yoga and implementing different
kinds of meditations i started off with
deepak chopra
i just thought that we would open this
conversation today
and talk about my personal deepest
hearts desires and yearnings and
things that i'm trying to manifest into
my life i think it's so important to
know what you want because then you know
what to work for and know
what to look for and what signs to
listen to if you have
a clear idea of what you're seeking in
this life
if energy is neither created nor
destroyed everything you will ever want
is already here
it is simply a matter of choosing the
thoughts which will put you into
harmonious vibration
with that which you desire my soul
vibrates to the childlike freedom of
traveling to a new place
taking in all the colors smells
languages
and dropping into a meditation on the
senses everywhere i go
complete freedom and adventure at every
corner
taking trains to unknown places
breathing in the cool crisp air of
japanese forests
the crunching of the snow the peace and
surrender when leaves fall gently to the
earth
rooftop sunsets still and heavenly
my soul vibrates to the purity of
animals waking up to the sound of
crickets and birds in a sanctuary of
green
and of course the main thing that i'm
seeking is
liberation from within i mean
is this cute right now should i just
take this off